The JSON-ROA Demo Application
=============================

This is a micro messaging application to demonstrate the capabilities of
JSON-ROA. Read more about JSON-ROA on the [JSON-ROA Website][]. 

Start right away exploring this API with the embedded [JSON-ROA Browser][].

## Table of Contents 
{:.no_toc}
* Will be replaced with the ToC, excluding the "Contents" header
{:toc}


## API Documentation

### Content Types 
All API resources respond with either `applictaion/json` or of course
preferably `application/json-roa+json`. It is important to set the
corresponding accept header accordingly. 

Resources accepting data accept `application/json` content. 

### Authentication and Access Control

Retrieving the root page, via GET `/`,  or creating a new user, via  POST
`/users/`,  is accessible without authentication. All other resources require
the credentials submitted via HTTP BASIC.

### Resources 

#### Root `/`
{: #root}

The main entry point. 

#### Users `/users/`
{: #users}

##### POST
Create a new user. The payload could look like the following 

    { "login" :  "mylogin",
      "password" : "somepassword" }
  {: .language-json}

The request will fail if a user with the same login already exists. 

#### Messages `/messages/`
{: #messages}

##### POST

Publish / create a new message. 

    { "message" :  "Hello JSON-ROA Users!"}
  {: .language-json}

##### GET

List all messages.

#### Message `/messages/:id`
{: #message}

##### GET

Get the message with the id `:id`.

##### DELETE

Delete the message with the id `:id`. Only the creator of a 
message can delete it. 

## Copyright and License

### Copyright 

Copyright © 2015 Thomas Schank 

### License

Released to the public under the MIT License. 


  [JSON-ROA Browser]: /api-browser/index.html#/
  [JSON-ROA Website]: http://json-roa.github.io/


